#summary Minutes of the meeting on July 07.

= Participants =

  * Mehmet Gunduz
  * Jean Souleyre
  * Ismael Merodio
  * Jean-Baptiste Leclere
  * Vladimir Milanovic

= Minutes =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages

  * Team members presented and discussed the results of their activities defined on the last meeting:
    * Outcome from contacting Atmel distributors (Mehmet)
    * Overall knowledge sharing of hardware products (All)
    * Overall knowledge sharing of associated software (All)
    * Preliminary Project Scope Statement (Vladimir)

  * Preliminary hardware specification is made:
    * Ethernet/6LoWPAN Bridge (1 piece):
      * AT91SAM7X – EK
      * ATAVRRZ502 RF
      * Adapter card
    * Smart End Nodes:
      * RAVEN evaluation boards (4 pieces)
      * Optionally instead of 4 RAVEN following boards are acceptable (or any combination with RAVEN):
        * ATAVRRZ201
        * RCB breakout board
    * Debugging board (1 piece):
      * AVRRZUSBSTICK

  * Preliminary software specification:
    * Bridge software – to be decided after more research
    * End Objects software – Arch Rock is suggested as a first option

  * Team roles and responsibilities are defined:
    * Vladimir Milanovic, project management, frs, code development
    * Mehmet Gunduz, system architecture, hardware specification, code development
    * Jean Souleyre, test plan, frs, code development
    * Ismael Merodio, software architecture (bidge sw), code development
    * Jean-Baptiste Leclere, software architecture (end node sw), code development

  * List of goods necessary for project execution is initiated (still under construction):
    * Multimeter
    * RGB LED
    * Fan
    * Light
    * Switch
    * Batteries
    * DC Source (if not part of development kit)
    * PCs (any kind with Windows, for development)
    * JTAG debugger (to be discussed)
    * Router (to be checked if it is really needed


= Action points =

  * Hardware specification to be done by the end of the week (to be able to order parts as soon as possible) – Mehmet
  * System architecture specification - Mehmet
  * Functional requirements specification to be done by the end of the week - Jean and Vladimir to work on it together on Friday
  * End object software architecture specification - Ismael
  * Bridge software architecture specification – JB Leclere
  * Project Management Plan - Vladimir

= Planned vacations =

  * Mehmet Gunduz          – no planned vacations for the moment 
  * Jean Souleyre          – 20.07. – 24.07. ; ? 2nd week of August ? 
  * Ismael Merodio         – 13.07. – 17.07. 
  * Jean-Baptiste Leclere  – to be filled in 
  * Vladimir Milanovic     – 05.08 – 30.08. 

= Next meeting =

  * When:  14.07.2009./2pm. 
  * Where: Meeting room on 6th floor.